Add mailhog and ngrok descriptions (#281)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/running-saleor/exposing-instance.mdx

---
title: Exposing local instance
sidebar_label: Exposing instance
---

There are situations when you would like to expose your local environment to external clients, for example:

- show your project to the manager.

> - integrate with the new payment gateway, which requires a return URL.

Reviewer: This won't work. There is a settings.ALLOWED_CLIENT_HOSTS which defines where user can be redirected. If you don't overwrite this variable, the allowed redirect URL will be 127.0.0.1 and localhost. Any different than this will raise an error. The same case is for the situation when you're hosting storefront somewhere, and you use ngrok to connect it to your backend (all mutation like, reset password, send activation URL will raise an exception, afair).

---
title: Exposing local instance
sidebar_label: Exposing instance
---

There are situations when you would like to expose your local environment to external clients, for example:

- show your project to the manager.
- integrate with the new payment gateway, which requires a return URL.
- testing app deployed in the cloud.

> To achieve that, you need a service for redirecting the traffic. Such service delivers [ngrok](https://ngrok.com) and [localtunnel](https://localtunnel.me). Both are great for our use case, and you can choose any of those services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To achieve that, you need a service for redirecting the traffic. Such service is delivered by [ngrok](https://ngrok.com) and [localtunnel](https://localtunnel.me). Both are great for our use case, and you can choose any of those services.
```
